Skrate Backend Intern Assignment 21-22
Greetings Candidate,
We believe people perform at their best when working from their comfort
zones along with some snacks to accompany them, hence the next step
to us working together is this Take-Home Assignment.
Tech Stack:
● The assignment is expected to be completed using NodeJS as the
server side runtime, Express as the framework & MongoDB as the
Database.
● Any external library choice (for eg: Mongoose), can be used by the candidate to speed
up submission.
Task:
● Candidate has to create a small set of API Endpoints as further described.
● A User Registration Endpoint (/users/new), has to be a POST request, and accepts
“username” as Body Parameter, and returns a UID on successful registration.
● A Get All Users Endpoint (/users/all), has to be a GET request, and should return a list
of all Users with their UID as a JSON.
● A Setup Meeting Endpoint (meetings/new) has to be a POST request, and accepts
“uid1”, “uid2” & “date” as Body Parameters, and returns a Meeting UID on success.
● A Get All Meeting Endpoint (/meetings/all) has to be a GET request, and should return
a list of all Meetings, with details of users involved & meeting UID.
● Deploy the APIs.
Evaluation Criteria:
● The APIs should match the instructions given as closely as possible
● Code cleanliness & structure
● Use of TypeScript would be commendable (No Pressure though)
● A few extra endpoints just to show off are encouraged
Submission Process:
● Make a GitHub repository, and keep it public. Mention the deployment URL.
● Your project in its deployable state shall be uploaded on the repo for us to check it out.
● Fill out the readme of the repo with instructions to run the project & for all external
libraries or packages, explain why you went with them. Give examples of API calls &
endpoints along with structure of data to be sent.
● Fill out the submission form by 12pm, Friday(17/12/2021)
● Submission Form Link
Leggoo!!! Hoping to see you soon with us!!
Team Skrate